this was all today first on the sun
losing steam flexion knowledge racing
all around very high waisted clear green
she would talk about not not one clip
this country a 25 year old doesn't come
up your country your partner's away and
holiday weekend I mean I'm schumacher
your brother because it's one my spoiler
goes away possibly can come back engine
but there's no doubt even as children
were working 50 icicle truffles for
golden suppose as much as crates talking
about I'm of the saying of the same age
but close ha autoplay refuses paper
assumption when he has played four walls
when he's played he's about two percent
for a great attitude so that's a piece
of money before choosing whether play
holes it some feet so yeah I'm sure yo
this is one my square that goes away
across we can come back injured but as
no doubt even as children were working
party although I suppose were golden to
voters was great talking about
yeah that's not the only talking about
this fascinating talk about expansive
going
okay he still has a very good